Add getter for $client->stacktraceBuilder (#1124)
getsentry/sentry-php: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `toArray` public method in `PayloadSerializer` to be able to re-use Event serialization
- The `withScope` methods now return the callback's return value (#1263)
- Set the event extras by taking the data from the Monolog record's context (#1244)

> - StacktraceBuilder is no longer marked @internal, and a new public method Client::getStacktraceBuilder() allows custom stacktraces to be built and added to events (#1124)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make the `StacktraceBuilder` class part of the public API and add the `Client::getStacktraceBuilder()` method to build custom stacktraces (#1124)
```
